I can't begin to tell you what a pleasure it was
to finally meet and have a conversation with former
command sergeant major, Bob Dean.
Bob has spent more than 40 years researching UFO phenomena
from his early days of discovery in the US Army.
Convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt
as to their presence his work went deeper as
he began examining
the profound implications of the presence of
other intelligent life forms here on earth.
His perceptions may surprise you.
Meanwhile I ask in advance for your forgiveness for my
chattiness.
I was so over the top with excitement to talk to Bob
that I kept interrupting with more questions.
(mystical music)
After winning a highly publicized lawsuit where you
were denied employment as a result of your research
into the world of UFOs and winning it,
you decided that's it, I'm coming out,
and I'm going to now basically trump it
as loud as I can everything I've learned,
and you've learned a lot.
You've been in the good old boys club and are very
highly respected.
I learned a lot
while I was in the military.
That's where most of the information I got
came from, and as I said, I was at Shape headquarters
from 1963 to 1967.
Can you tell us what Shape means?
Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe,
and at that time we were located outside of
Paris in a little town called Rocquencourt,
and I was there from 63,
and in 67 Charles de Gaulle threw us out of France.
He withdrew from the military alliance.
He stayed a member of NATO of course,
but he withdrew the French military
from the military arm of NATO
which was Shape, and we had to pack up and
move the headquarters Rocquencourt Paris
up to Brussels, and that's the last part of my
assignment over there.
I assisted in that transfer.
We had three box cars filled with classified material
which we had to move from Rocquencourt
up to Brussel,
and I came back to the states in 67.
I learned while I was there
I worked in the Supreme Headquarters Operations Center,
a place they called shuck,
and when the public report came out in 64,
I was privy to it in the sense
that I had a cosmic top secret clearance.
I was able to pull it out of the vault and read it.
It shocked me and changed my life.
What were you made privy to?
They conducted a study from 61 to 1964.
I arrived in 63.
I had become aware that this gossip and discussions
among the staff about an ongoing study
about UFOs, because the UFOs had almost caused
World War three, at least a half a dozen times,
and they would fly out of the East.
They'd fly over the Warsaw packed area.
They'd fly over Central Europe.
They would generally fly West and turn
North over the Southern coast of England,
and then they would disappear over the Norwegian Sea.
These objects were metallic, circular,
high altitude, obviously under intelligent control,
in formation.
For a long time, the Western powers, the NATO people,
the Western alliance thought they belonged
to the Soviets.
We were to find later that the Soviets thought they
belonged to us.
After this study was published in 64 it became very clear
that it didn't belong to any of us,
because the repeated evidence,
the examples of incredibly advanced technology
indicated that whoever they were they weren't from here.
We and the Soviets couldn't even begin to
duplicate their capability, and as I said it was very
obviously under intelligent control,
and they demonstrated repeatedly aspects
of technology we couldn't even begin to match.
When you first became aware of this,
were you intrigued more than anything?
Did it have a frightening element to it?
Or was it more an
excitement to you?
Well, let me say this
I was curious.
I was a professional military.
I wore a crew cut.
I was a Korean veteran.
I led combat troops on the front lines
of Korea in 51.
I was eventually in the, I would end up in Vietnam,
but I was a professional military.
I was kind of hard nosed, no nonsense.
If I didn't read it in a field manual it wasn't real.
You see, that was the kind of person I was.
In 1964 my life changed because I read this study, read
it again and again and again.
Couldn't put it down.
Every time I was on duty in shock in the operation center,
I'd pull it out of vault and read it.
I couldn't stay away from it.
What was it telling you?
After the three year study they concluded that
the planet had been under
observation, survey, analysis
continually for centuries by apparently an advanced
technology from somewhere else.
That in itself,
I mean think about it.
What that would mean to you.
If you weren't
prepared for that.
I'm a no nonsense
kind of person.
I had an open mind and I was curious and I
I had done some research,
listened a little bit, learned a little bit,
but when I opened that study.
It was about an inch thick.
It was supported by about eight inches of annexes.
I analyzed it, studied it, and it literally changed my life.
The implications of it were
earth shaking.
Who produced the study again?
It was produced by NATO.
By NATO
Yeah,
by a military committee.
Okay.
That was appointed to study this.
An incident occurred in 1961 before I got there.
on February 2, 1961
a massive flotilla of these objects flew over
the Warsaw packed area over the Western Alliance,
divided Europe.
In formation, very high and very fast,
and as I say, they circled the Southern coast of England,
went North and disappeared over the Norwegian Sea.
That almost triggered World War three.
An air marshall with the name of Sir Thomas Pike
insisted on having a study to figure
out what the hell is going on.
I worked for a general by the name of Lyman Lemniser
a four star American general who was SACURE,
The Supreme Allied Commander Europe.
Air marshall pike was deputy Sarcure.
He was a British air marshall, five star rank
who was a deputy to Limister.
He in 61 he determined that we got to find
out what's going on here.
He created a military committee to make this analysis
his study.
They published it in 64 in June 64.
They called it an assessment.
Subtitle, an evaluation of a possible military threat
to allied powers in Europe.
Strictly military, no nonsense.
What the hell is going on?
What's happening?
And it was a detailed analysis by experts
from all over Western Europe.
They had an annex on history.
They had an annex on
the scientific aspects,
atmospheric physics, all of it.
There was an annex on the the theological
implications, and that one really grabbed me.
What did that
Because I've
been a student of history.
Yes.
And they determined that the theological implications
of this reality would literally be earth shaking.
The study was classified cosmic top secret.
It was and still is I'm told in the files
and is still classified,
because they concluded and determined that
this was literally dynamite.
As I say, the implications are earth shaking.
That was my beginning.
That's got me started, and I haven't
been able to walk away from this ever since.
You've been obsessed.
I've been obsessed, oh, that's
the word I use, yes.
It's almost like an addiction.
And justifiably so.
If you learn enough as I did, you wanna know more,
and the more you learn the more you wanna know,
and it just doesn't stop.
It's like I'm addicted to this reality.
I'm obsessed by it.
Because you kept ratcheting up the intrigue
factor, the more you learned, and some of the things
just even sitting yesterday in one of your talks,
just the bits and pieces from there
any one of them we could talk about
for hours, but I don't know if it's appropriate at this
time to jump into the fact, one of things you learned
is that we are dealing on earth with four
different E.T. civilizations who have always been here.
Also that humans are said to be hybrid beings,
hybridized from
off planet cultures.
You see,
when you really lift the lid off of this Pandora's box
you can't close it again.
Right.
And I've been at this now for over 40 years,
and as I said the theological implications are dynamite.
I fully understand why the Brookings report was published
and issued to Congress and to NASA in 1961.
Give us a little brief on the Brookings report.
Well the Brookings report is available.
You can get a copy of it.
A study was done by a bunch of experts back in 60, 61
about the implications of contact with extraterrestrial
intelligence that was a through
analysis, and they determined, these experts,
Margaret Mead was one of them who helped study this thing,
and they determined that the implications of contact
with extraterrestrial intelligence would be so disturbing
to the body politics, the sociological balance
of society on this planet that they recommended
that when this day occurred, this contact occurred
they didn't seem to grasp at the time that it's
been going on for centuries.
That we cannot release this to the public.
The masses of people out there cannot handle this,
and cannot deal with it so thereby,
being the experts, self-appointed as we are,
we're not gonna tell anybody about this
and that's when the lid came down,
but you cannot close the lid on Pandora's box.
No, you can't close it, because
they have been continually gently and subtly trying
to educate us as to their presence and to their reality,
and not only that, they
have been trying to sociologically, psychologically
gently help us grow into a level of maturity
which we are not at the moment,
so we can accept their presence
and our place in the universe,
and that process is underway,
and they've been conducting it for centuries,
but they have been increasing and raising
the level of exposure over the years.
They've been showing up all over the damn place.
We just finished.
You and I were both in Jamie Mazon's
presentation with this year's flying saucer video.
Fly saucers are a little tiny part of it.
Yeah.
As the most obvious part
of this
Well, as I
said, they've been appearing over our cities, all
over the planet, all over the planet, every major country
on the planet has got flyovers,
contact, landings, face to face.
To say nothing of ancient art.
Well, then when you get into the ancient aspect of it
as a student of history years ago,
that's one of the things that intrigued me,
and in my slideshow I have evidence that their
presence has been known and recognized
by a certain select group of people on the planet
for centuries.
The Catholic church has been sitting on incredible reality
for a long, long time, but as we know
the Catholic church, and I don't intend
to throw any stones here, but they've been sitting
on a lot of truth for too damn long.
Yes.
Anyhow,
the problem is that the truth is coming out,
and you can't sit on it any longer
whether you're the pope or whether you're the president
of the United States or whether you're
the secretary general of
what do they call that crowd in New York
on the river there?
United Nations.
Oh, United Nations.
Talk about disunited nations.
Disunited nations.
Anyhow, we are a species of adolescents,
and that's our problem.
We haven't quite grown up,
and we're gonna have to grow up to deal
with this extraterrestrial reality,
and it isn't extraterrestrial anymore.
We've learned that they're here on our planet.
They're all over the damn place.
They're all over our solar system.
They're on the moon.
They're on mars,
and they've got gigantic ships in the rings of Saturn
which I am convinced that they're probably mining them,
but we've got photographs.
NASA.
You shown some of this in your presentation.
Oh, well I get angry when I talk about NASA.
I'm a friend of Richard Hoagland.
I've admired his work for years.
Never a straight answer.
Well, never an honest answer.
Anyhow, NASA knows most of this.
The photographs are overwhelming.
I've shown in my presentation last night
pictures taken by a retired NASA scientist by the name
of Norman Bergman who wrote a powerful
book called the Ring Makers of Saturn.
Norman thinks that they're making the rings.
I think they're mining them.
What is the composition of the materials
they'd be mining from the rings of Saturn?
Oh well, the rings I think are probably rich
in nutrients as it were, minerals.
I think the rings are primarily made from minerals
from some geological event eons ago perhaps,
but what I'm trying to say is that these intelligences
are all over the place, and they are trying to nurture
us out of our adolescence into some adulthood
by their presence, and one of the things
that is so dynamite in it's implications,
and I touch upon this
is that I've accepted the fact that advanced
extraterrestrial intelligence has initiated and
orchestrated every major religion on this planet,
and if you don't think that is dynamite.
That's dynamite.
Oh, God.
I have many good friends over the years that are
what I would call fundamentalists.
I was raised a Christian.
I'm not religious.
I don't go to church,
but I consider myself a very spiritual person.
I consider myself somewhat enlightened,
you know, relatively speaking.
I'm not the brightest bulb in the marquee,
but I've spent some time turning over stones
and learning things.
There is a spiritual implication to this that is really
the bottom line.
It isn't the hardware.
It isn't the economic thing.
It isn't the sociological impact,
nor the psychological impact.
The theological impact is the thing that I think is dynamite
and as I said, how do you tell the mass of people
out there that every religion on the planet was initiated
and orchestrated by an advanced intelligence.
I have a question right here.
Was it orchestrated by or was it simply lure that has
been positioned in a certain way and handed down that has
become based on cosmological events of the past
that seem beyond the ordinary?
The sad thing about it is the initial
idea of deity, the inital
idea of spiritualism
was injected into our development.
Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism,
Islam, Christianity, all of them have
been initiated with an appropriate idea
and a purpose.
Human beings have taken some of this and changed it.
They eliminated it.
They rewrote it, added chapters of their own.
Human beings, being the selfish little bastards
that we are have
contaminated those original ideas and those
original truths, and so when you go to church
today, no matter what church you might wanna go to,
you're not getting the straight story.
You're getting interpretations and political
rewriting and evaluations.
It seems like it becomes narrower and narrower
coned.
Exactly.
Of information.
For example, I've always been a great admirer
of the Jewish rabbi in Judea 2,000 years ago.
He was a very special man.
He was more special in most christian's grasp,
and he gave them the truth.
Look what they've done with it.
He really did give them the truth.
He told them, first of all, I'm not from here.
This is not my kingdom.
In my father's house there are many mansions
and he inferred to the skies,
space, the infinity of the universe,
and he says I've come into the world to give
you the truth, and he did,
and then they hung him on a cross.
And we've been killing people in
that manner ever since.
And we've been burning people at the stake
ever since, so to speak.
We stopped literally burning them at the stake
thank God.
If they hadn't I would have been one of the first
to be lined up and burned at the stake,
but you know, I'm still grieving over the death
of an Italian priest by the name of Giordano Bruno.
Why?
300 years ago,
because he had the gall and audacity to come out
and say, hey we're not alone.
The universe is filled with life.
We're all God's children,
and they burned him at the stake.
They've only apologized to Galileo in the last 60 years.
Think of that for a moment.
That's true.
Speaking of bringing that whole notion of buring
people at the stake into contemporary times,
another person that
has been burned at the stake by many
is Philip Corso.
Oh, poor Phil.
You said the Brookings report came out in 1961.
Isn't that about the time that Philip Corso
became involved with the exotic technologies
that were the debris from what was going on?
I think it's somewhere in that time, yeah.
Right around 61 as I recall, but
you knew him.
I admired Phil.
I knew him and I learned to love the man.
He was a dear person.
He told the truth, and his book was filled with it.
And this whole thing was 14 years after
the crash in Roswell.
Apparently the debris had been whisked away
by various parts of the military, branches of the military.
Each one had their own, and he was
apparently handed over
as head of, what was it called?
Foreign Technologies.
The Foreign Technology division, yeah.
Division of the Pentagon.
Well he was
apart of it.
A file cabinet
with debris, and he says that that debris
is what was much of our technology that
evolved from that.
Let me tell out about some
of that debris.
The army scientist had had access and and had possession
of it for years, couldn't do any damn thing with it.
They had stuff they didn't need.
I wonder why it was 14 year,
why 14 years it elapsed.
Well, they were
working on it.
They were looking at it.
They were trying to analyze it,
and reverse engineer it,
and they didn't even know where to begin,
because they were dealing with technology,
they had metal that they couldn't analyze.
They had plastic kind of.
Kevlar supposedly is
They had things they, good God they didn't.
Well I'm not knocking the army scientists,
but they didn't have the capability, and for years
they played with this stuff, and finally Phil's boss,
I can't, Trudo, General Trudo
gave a passel of it to Phil,
and he said, look I think the answer for us
may be in giving this material
what we've got here.
Phil said that there was a filing cabinet
full of stuff.
He says let's give it to American industry,
and we had some pretty bright people
then and now,
and Trudo says let's give it to American industry
and say, make what you can of this.
See if you can figure out what this is,
what it's for, and how we can use it,
and that's what Phil did,
and he went trundling off to places
the bell labs, and here and there,
and everywhere.
Right.
Giving little bits and pieces of stuff to these guys.
Highly compartmentalized.
Each one didn't know what the other had or was doing.
That's one of the things about our American
security system is it's so damned
compartmentalized that Joe blow over here
is got his arms full of stuff and is working on a program,
and Joe Smith over here got the same load of stuff
he's working.
Joe and Joe have never talked to each other.
They don't share.
That's one of the problems of our scientific thing,
particularly the military aspect of it.
They're steeped in paranoia.
It's so compartmentalized that they don't share with
each other.
It's classified.
I'm sorry I can't share that with you
you're not cleared for that,
that's above your security level,
and that sort of thinking just infuriates me
because I'm a retired command Sergeant major,
and it was the nature of my job when I left the service
to turn over stones, rock boats, rattle cages.
Break your security.
Well my general that I worked for expected that of me,
and he's gone to his rewards.
I wish I could say I've done my best boss, you know.
I've tried.
What happened then?
In your case you were shouting out loud.
In their case, they were sequestering everything,
and they were putting the private sector on it.
I have a question here.
Philip says that Lieutenant Corso says that
in his book, The Day After Roswell that we had transistor
technology, kevlar, laser, many technologies
came out of back engineering some of the debris
from Roswell.
Now,
Let me tell you something to you.
You only recently you say, begun to really look into
this thing.
Yeah, I'm only
last seven or eight years
Rowell is is a big hoop dee
doo.
One incident at one time and at one place.
There have been dozens of crashes
all over the United States and all over the world
for years.
The Navy retrieved an object off the coast of San Diego
in 1941.
We don't know that this debris necessarily
came from Roswell, then it came from somewhere.
It came from a variety
of sources.
A variety of places,
so throughout this debris, the accumulated debris,
he says was the spawning of all of those
different technologies.
One question I have, you said, okay they parted it out
to the private sector where they had some
pretty brilliant people.
Oh, yeah.
Did those people do you think
because what you've also said
is that there are alien bases here on this planet.
They're all over the place.
Military is working directly with other species.
Yes, I can tell you places where that's going on.
And I would like you to share that in a moment,
but I wanted to ask do you think that there was
a collaboration on engineering those technologies
between the others
Yes.
and the private sector?
Because it happens so quickly.
Yes,
and that's been going on, and that in itself is a bit
of dynamite.
Yes, we are working with at least one group,
and have been for years, and the dynamite
aspect of it, the one that no one wants to even talk about
is that one of the groups that we have this
relationship with is the very group that had a hand
in genetically engineering us 100,000 years ago,
and if you don't think that is social dynamite
Yes
(chuckling)
I'm serious.
Yes, I know you are.
We're working with
Absolutely
an intelligence, a particular group
from a particular planet,
which evidently is in our solar system.
Everybody jokingly refers to it as the 10th planet.
It's been around from the beginning of history so to speak.
We've been working with that particular group.
They've been working with us,
and Eisenhower met them.
They landed in a big way and confronted Ike in 54.
Bless his heart, he ended up having a major coronary,
because the shock
I would guess.
of what happened, and what he learned was almost more than
he could bear.
We've been involved with that particular group
for years now.
Do you have a name for that group?
Is it even fair to name?
Well the name that I use generically is
Anunnaki.
Which is a broad classification.
Well, it's a broad, it's a generic term.
It's a broad term, because in the old Sumerian
it means those who came down from above.
There have been a dozen groups, have come down from above.
We're working we know of four that we gotta relationship
with.
One we are intimately involved with.
The intimacy comes from the fact that they
were responsible for genetically engineering us
100,000 years ago, whenever.
That genetic engineering has never ceased.
It's still going on.
We're seeing some upgrades
in the new ones being born.
Now,
after 54 they begin to provide us not only
bits and pieces of little metal and plastic and you know,
to play with.
Our tinker toys.
Yeah, tinker toys,
but they gave us some clues to literally
unraveling the biggest secret of all
and that is the human genome.
DNA.
The double helix and that
is the revolution that is going on now
that very few people can even begin to grasp.
We're going through a major shift in our DNA.
You're going into a major shift genetically of the species
on this planet.
We literally now have the knowledge to pluck
and take from this tree of life,
the apples that were supposedly denied to poor old Adam
back whenever the hell that was.
We literally and laboratories all over this country,
probably all over the planet
are plucking those apples
from the tree of life,
and those are the genes that make us up.
Now that tree of life opens the door to us
almost to immortality.
That science involved in genetics literally
eventually if we don't mess things up
it could give us unlimited health, no disease,
and very likely a form of immortality.
Whether we would life forever or not, I don't know
whether we would want to live forever.
I wouldn't, not in this form,
but the point is that we could manipulate our genes
to the point that we could live as long as
we might want to live.
And there is some elements that are being
brought forth that were known about in ancient
times such as the monoatomic gold,
which we can go into in a moment, but
this kind of technology, okay
this would be my question.
Many say that we were an engineered species,
engineered to have a short life span.
Well, that's what they put in the book of Genesis,
wasn't it?
Supposedly in ancient times we lived much longer
than we do now, so what's the story there?
Well, apparently we were specifically engineered
for a very limited time, because we were a nuisance.
When they created us, and they really did
create us from a selfish point of view,
and the history brings it all out.
Are you talking about Sichen's work?
I'm not mentioning just Zachariah.
I know him.
I respect him.
There was a British scholar by the name
of Christian O'Brian who wrote several books
who had done some of the same work.
And what was his hypothesis in terms of what
we were designed for.
His point was he was also
able to translate cuneiform, like you and I read the
morning paper, and Christian O'Brian has written
a couple of dynamite books that I recommend people
to try to obtain and read, and reached the basically
the same conclusion.
We were engineered for a specific period of time
as a slave race.
They were greedy, and they did us originally for their
own agenda, and they used us
and then when we begin to manipulate
or multiply.
Certainly they understood that was a potential.
Well, they didn't think about it apparently.
Their genetic scientist spent must not have looked
ahead far enough.
Anyhow, when they created us and then they gave us the
ability to reproduce, and we multiplied and got out of
control.
We ended up more than they expected, you see,
and they used us as a slave race for a long, long time,
and finally we multiplied to such an extent that we
became a nuisance.
They ended up overtly leaving the planet.
As I say, Zachariah and I are agreement
that they didn't really ever leave.
They've been here all along,
but they overtly withdraw from
control of the species and let us sort of run
our own race to see where we would go,
and now I think that they're interested enough to
come back and involve themselves with us
to a degree that they're not only gonna be able
to provide us with some guidance and a little
scientific know how
Why the change of heart?
I think that they are an evolving species also.
Every intelligent species in the universe
is in the process of growth and development
and evolution, and
then we're getting into an area of first of all,
why the hell are we here, and that is again,
another subject that we could go on for hours.
What you see in I here, the shell we're living in
is not really us.
We are what we call a soul,
but what we are are a spark of divine conscious
intelligence.
Infinite
Infinite in our nature.
We incarnate on this planet.
We do it many times.
It's like school, first grade, second grade, so on.
I only suspect that maybe I might be
graduating from grade school right now.
I'm looking forward and hopefully a time
getting out of high school
and maybe getting a degree after a couple of years
at the university, but that's probably way ahead.
But let's say, okay, they've given us tinker toys.
We've been able to, with their help maybe, engineer some
things, so we back
engineer some things.
I think they've been
involved in a great way.
I think from the very beginning.
As I said, they overtly withdrew,
but they haven't withdrawn.
They are
Let's talk about where they are.
They have covert involvement with us from
the very beginning.
Let's talk about some
You ought to talk about why they have changed
their tune.
They've grown themselves.
That's what you're saying.
They have evolved now.
They have evolved and what's interesting to me is
that they are I'm sure, and evidence I've collected
and contacts we've made,
and the evidence that they've shared with us
that they have us.
They have a concept of deity very much like our own.
They recognize that there is a conscious intelligence
that permeates the universe
that is benevolent and loving and controlling.
You and I would call it God.
They recognize that there is that power.
They recognize then cause and effect,
karma, what not.
Is this perhaps making up for
Karma is cosmic law.
what they had perpetuated on this planet
in times past, or are you saying that
I think they probably regret some of the things
that they may have done initially.
As I say, they're not only superior in terms of technology,
but they have a very highly developed spiritual awareness
as well.
Now at this point, my understanding is that
this is one group of off planet beings, from one culture,
but there are many.
There are several.
I was aware of four.
They're not on
the same page.
Are they all on the same page?
No, they're not all on the same page,
and you're talking about, so you're talking about this
particular one coming through from that strand of history
of the human species involvement with them
is now coming into a more mature place
not only in their own evolution, but also
encouraging human beings
to come into a more mature place,
and even looking at extending technological help
for our own advancement, and even perhaps
some of the technologies leading to what we would
call immortality or expanded life spans at least.
They're helping to nurture us,
and they had some nurturing of their own
over the centuries.
You see,
the Anunnaki, and we use that term generically.
I use it to apply to all the different groups that are
coming and going, but there is a
there is an intelligence out in the universe,
and when I say out, that's misleading,
all around.
As I say, we're in an ocean of conscious intelligence.
There are intelligences out there that we refer to
as transcendentals that are not human.
The Anunnaki are basically like we are.
Let's talk about the trancendentals.
The trascendentals are
a species and a race that is so advanced
you talk about time, we don't grasp time,
but they're so advanced a billion years
they can incarnate in a physical form if they choose.
But they're non-physical in nature.
But they are non physical beings
in our concept of what physical is.
I have a question.
They're spiritual primarily,
but they are incredibly advanced intelligent
spiritual beings.
Have they been identified in other people's
work that you know of as something like
the watchers or the guardians?
That was in those terms the watchers
and the guardians, custodians,
those are all ancient terms.
Would you say these beings you're
talking about
The trancendentals,
we have traditionally referred to them
when we've seen them,
and they have involved themselves in our lives
from time to time.
We referred to them as gods, angels.
They are beings much like us,
but they've reached a point in their evolution
in the time.
I mean, long before there was a planet earth, long
before our little sun was ignited.
By God, these intelligences are really
we stand in awe of them, and they have introduced
themselves into our lives from time to time.
A few years ago, not too long ago,
early 1800s a good endeared man by the name of Joseph Smith
had an experience in his bedroom that shook
that poor guy right to his very foundations,
and when it was over with, after having been visited by
two of these trancendentals, who appeared
as beings of light in his presence he
formed a religion, the Mormon church.
Well that's the kind of
things that happen to people who are confronted
by them as I said, you're never ever the same.
The world does not appear to you anymore
like it did before.
Do you feel that the transcendentals are also
here assisting
now in our
Oh, they're everywhere.
Our development.
When I say you talk about here,
what do you mean here?
In San Jose?
Well, no.
Well, the planet?
In earth dimension.
Oh, they're everywhere.
We're having help from those
They're timeless beings.
Who are the beings then
that are at the underground bases that you
refer to in Alaska,
Oh, most of those
Australia and so forth.
Most of them are Anunnaki.
One or two different species have been seen
in different places.
We're working with several of them.
Can you talk about where the bases are located?
Let me tell you something,
there is an ET base under Mount Haze in Alaska.
There's another ET base under Zimbabwe.
There's one in the mountains in the Pyrenees
between France and Spain called Mount Perdido.
They generally developed these massive installations
under mountains where they can go and come, you know.
They've even been seen flying into mountains.
How they do that, God knows how.
Anyhow,
we've got them in the Puerto Rican Trench.
We've got them at Puerto Rico,
and we're working with them there
in Puerto Rico.
Our military or a certain portion of our military is working
with them.
The most recent information that I've received
that I trust from a source that I consider reliable is
they and we are working together in a
massive way on quadulene atol
Toward what end?
What are we working together
They're assisting us in science.
They've helped us build our space program,
and I'm not talking about NASA,
and that rattle trap ole shuttle that they throw
up every you know, which bless it's
has killed.
You don't mean NASA, the cover organization.
NASA, you know, it's a front,
like the old blue book used to be
the Air Force had it.
It was only a public relations front.
We've got a space program full fledged
that is so far beyond NASA.
They're giving us technology.
They're nudging us, encouraging us,
providing us.
Many of the crashes were not crashes.
They gave us the hardware
and made it look like a crash,
and the poor little dudes that were inside were not
a species, they were laboratory products.
The little greys that are so
famous and infamous
What are they called
extraterrestrial something,
EBEs, biological
Extraterrestrial biological entities
ha ha ha yeah well
the Anunnaki make them like you and I make
whatever.
They're intelligent and they're capable,
and they've been designed to accomplish a great deal,
and they use them, and we see them all over the place,
and they grab us and study us.
They evaluate us.
They take samples from us.
Scares the hell out of people.
Anybody whose been abducted
who can remember it at all,
most people don't remember,
are in a state of shock.
It's not malevolent.
It's not intended to be malevolent.
It's like you grab a wild animal out of the forest.
You give him a shot.
You stun him;
You put a collar around his neck,
take blood samples.
We do that to
Other species and you're
saying it's being done to us.
Other species all the time,
yes, and
we're a basic fundamental
primitive species, and they do it to us,
because biologically they're monitoring our growth and
our development, and in many ways they may
be tinkering with our gene pool.
And obviously this is no concern for alarm
in how,
in your perception, right?
I have gone beyond alarm.
Forgive me, I am not alarmed and troubled by anything
much anymore.
When I, I may have jokingly told you earlier
that I've just come out of five years of seclusion
so to speak.
Yes.
I spoke here publicly five years ago,
and I said this is my last public presentation.
I'm not doing this anymore.
I went back to Phoenix, and I
turned myself into a recluse,
and in the process I ended up meditating ,
having a couple of out of body experiences
doing some remote viewing, and
spiritually I've matured somewhat.
Do you care to share what happened in
your remote viewing and out of body experiences
that changed you so radically,
not only helped you recover your health, but
has you here speaking again today?
Why are you here?
What did you see?
There is no way
there are not words
to describe in human terms what happens
to you when you step out
and your conscious intelligence which survives death
looks back and sees not only the planet and the human race
but it sees it all, and you begin to grasp
something about the meaning of it all,
the purpose of it all.
That's when you really begin to discover
that there is a God,
and don't ask me to define for you what God is.
I can tell you that there is a conscious intelligence
that permeates the universe that is literally
outside of time and space,
and when you grasp that,
and you can grasp that in your spiritual sense when you're
out.
It's so overwhelming that it's almost
like a religious transformation.
It's almost like a transfiguration,
because you're never the same,
and you cannot put in human terms what you've seen
what you sensed, and what you learned to feel.
Why from that perspective of our infinite nature
that has access to all, knows all,
is part of all, would we continue to incarnate
into this game?
That's a good question.
I've jokingly said that they grabbed me
kicking and screaming and forced me to reincarnate here,
because I still had a lesson or two to learn.
A lot of kind friends who've said that they
forced me to come back so to speak,
because I had a few things to share.
I had an idea or two to impart or share to people.
I'm not presuming that I'm an old philosopher
who I know all the answers to everything,
but I will tell you in all honesty that I've learned
a few answers to a few things.
What's the most important
And I've shared them with you here in this interview.
Okay.
Is it we have nothing to fear,
that you are an immortal being,
that the essential you, the self that you really are
is immortal and will live forever,
and that you are a spark of divinity,
because you're apart of that universal
intelligent consciousness which a lot of fundamentalists
call God, and
if I could leave you with this remark
this little tiny piece of work,
nothing to fear.
Stop being afraid.
Look into yourself and learn who you are
and what you are,
and grow and live,
and when this particular sojourn is complete
I'll see you on the other side, and we will play
in the fields of the Lord so to speak.
And may come back and do this all again.
Well, I'm not
Are you saying no?
You said you'd never be back five years ago
to this conference.
Are you saying you'll never be back?
Will I never see you here again?
Look, I know when you incarnate you incarnate
not merely on planet earth as a human being.
Your spirit can incarnate on any planet in the universe,
and there are billions of them out there
that you're free to go and incarnate in any physical level
you might want to you.
If you feel that you need a couple of more lessons,
lessons in humility.
When you finally learn a couple of things along the way
you eliminate pride.
One of our biggest vices.
You eliminate most of your ego.
You eliminate vanity, and when you get rid of that garbage
you're coming along.
You're making some progress.
When you learn to love,
and I'm not talking about sex.
I'm talking about that human feeling
where we care about each other
as much as we care about ourselves, that's love.
And you've learned a lot, because the one
thing that every single person here including all
the other presenters will say about you is you're
one walking heart.
I'm sorry.
They'll say you're a walking heart.
You've obviously learned
this part of the lesson.
I'm an old gnostic.
I really am a gnostic.
I mean, that's not a religious sense.
The Greeks use the word gnostic as
the knowledge of the heart, and you see,
I think that's probably the center of where our
real being is.
If our spirit and if our spark of divinity resides within
us anywhere it's in the heart,
and if I have been able to communicate even
a tiny bit of that while I've been here,
and what I've been doing over the years.
The analogy I like using is
if each of us can light one small candle.
You, I, everybody,
if we can each light one small candle
can you imagine what a glorious corrugation
that would be?
Yes.
The light would illuminate the world.
I would say to you affectionately and lovingly,
light a candle, and I wanna thank you for this interview.
I've enjoyed it.
Thank you so much.
I've so much been looking forward to meeting
you though the last few years,
and I feel it's completely our honor
to have done so.
You know it's
my pleasure.
Thank you for
sharing your heart.
I thank you, and what I have been saying
comes from my heart.
Yes, absolutely
I can feel it.
Not from here,
this is not particularly good.
This is an unfinished
incomplete tool up here,
and I use it to get by, because I'm here
in a material form, but what I've been speaking to you,
the spark within me is in the heart.
I can feel that, that's where you're
radiating.
Bob, thank you so much for taking the time.
It's been my pleasure.
I hope you've enjoyed this interview as much as I
enjoyed conducting it.
If you're interested in more information on this
vital subject, please watch our interviews
with Richard Hoagland, Steven Bassett,
or Linda Moulton Howe.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(mystical music)